updated screenshots (#2276)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/send-data/hosted-collectors/cloud-to-cloud-integration-framework/druva-source.md

The Druva Source requires you to provide a **Client ID**, **Client Secret Key**, **Base URL**. To get these, follow the instructions from [Create and Manage Druva API Credentials](https://docs.druva.com/Druva_Cloud_Platform/Integration_with_Druva_APIs/Create_and_Manage_API_Credentials).

## States

> A Druva Source tracks errors, reports its health, and start-up progress. You’re informed, in real-time, if the Source is having trouble connecting, if there's an error requiring user action, or if it is healthy and collecting by utilizing Health Events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Druva Source tracks errors, reports its health, and start-up progress. Yore informed in real-time if  the Source is having trouble connecting,  if there's an error requiring user action, or if it is healthy and collecting by using Health Events.
```
